README.md, before:

# MetaMask Browser Extension

You can find the latest version of MetaMask on [our official website](https://metamask.io/). For help using MetaMask, visit our [User Support Site](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us).

MetaMask supports Firefox, Google Chrome, and Chromium-based browsers. We recommend using the latest available browser version.

For up to the minute news, follow our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/metamask_io) or [Medium](https://medium.com/metamask) pages.

To learn how to develop MetaMask-compatible applications, visit our [Developer Docs](https://metamask.github.io/metamask-docs/).

To learn how to contribute to the MetaMask project itself, visit our [Internal Docs](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/docs).

## Building locally

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) version 10
    - If you are using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation) (recommended) running `nvm use` will automatically choose the right node version for you.
- Install [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
- Install dependencies: `yarn`
- Copy the `.metamaskrc.dist` file to `.metamaskrc`
    - Replace the `INFURA_PROJECT_ID` value with your own personal [Infura Project ID](https://infura.io/docs).
    - If debugging MetaMetrics, you'll need to add a value for `SEGMENT_WRITE_KEY` [Segment write key](https://segment.com/docs/connections/find-writekey/).
- Build the project to the `./dist/` folder with `yarn dist`.
- Optionally, to start a development build (e.g. with logging and file watching) run `yarn start` instead.
    - To start the [React DevTools](https://github.com/facebook/react-devtools) and [Redux DevTools Extension](http://extension.remotedev.io)
      alongside the app, use `yarn start:dev`.
      - React DevTools will open in a separate window; no browser extension is required
      - Redux DevTools will need to be installed as a browser extension. Open the Redux Remote Devtools to access Redux state logs. This can be done by either right clicking within the web browser to bring up the context menu, expanding the Redux DevTools panel and clicking Open Remote DevTools OR clicking the Redux DevTools extension icon and clicking Open Remote DevTools.
        - You will also need to check the "Use custom (local) server" checkbox in the Remote DevTools Settings, using the default server configuration (host `localhost`, port `8000`, secure connection checkbox unchecked)

Uncompressed builds can be found in `/dist`, compressed builds can be found in `/builds` once they're built.

## Contributing

### Running Tests

Run tests with `yarn test`.

You can also test with a continuously watching process, via `yarn watch`.

You can run the linter by itself with `yarn lint`.

## Architecture

[![Architecture Diagram](./docs/architecture.png)][1]

## Development

```bash
yarn
yarn start
```

## Build for Publishing

```bash
yarn dist
```

## Other Docs

- [How to add custom build to Chrome](./docs/add-to-chrome.md)
- [How to add custom build to Firefox](./docs/add-to-firefox.md)
- [How to add a new translation to MetaMask](./docs/translating-guide.md)
- [Publishing Guide](./docs/publishing.md)
- [How to use the TREZOR emulator](./docs/trezor-emulator.md)
- [How to generate a visualization of this repository's development](./development/gource-viz.sh)

[1]: http://www.nomnoml.com/#view/%5B%3Cactor%3Euser%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-ui%7C%0A%20%20%20%5Btools%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20react%0A%20%20%20%20%20redux%0A%20%20%20%20%20thunk%0A%20%20%20%20%20ethUtils%0A%20%20%20%20%20jazzicon%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20account-detail%0A%20%20%20%20%20accounts%0A%20%20%20%20%20locked-screen%0A%20%20%20%20%20restore-vault%0A%20%20%20%20%20identicon%0A%20%20%20%20%20config%0A%20%20%20%20%20info%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20metamask%0A%20%20%20%20%20identities%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20%5BbackgroundConnection%5D%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%5D%3A-%3E%5Bactions%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%5D%3A-%3E%5Breducers%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%5D%3A-%3E%5Bcomponents%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%7C%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5B%3Cactor%3Eui%20developer%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20developer%5D-%3E%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%3C-%3E%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-background%7C%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%3E%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%3C-%3E%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%5Bconfig%20manager%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Brpc%20configuration%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bencrypted%20keys%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bwallet%20nicknames%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%3C-%3E%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%7C%0A%20%20%5Bplugin%20restart%20detector%5D%0A%20%20%5Brpc%20passthrough%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Brpc%20%7C%0A%20%20%5Bethereum%20blockchain%20%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bcontracts%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Baccounts%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-background%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Brpc%5D%0A

Commit message:

Add links to Community Forum to README (#10152)
The Community Forum is now linked in the README. The sections for
general questions, feature requests, and developer questions are
directly linked as well, to help users discover that we want those type
of inquiries in the forum from now on instead of on GitHub.

Closes #3484

README.md, after:

# MetaMask Browser Extension

You can find the latest version of MetaMask on [our official website](https://metamask.io/). For help using MetaMask, visit our [User Support Site](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us).

For [general questions](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics/360000682532-General), [feature requests](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics/360000682552-Feature-Requests-Ideas), or [developer questions](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics/360001751291-Developer-Questions), visit our [Community Forum](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics).

MetaMask supports Firefox, Google Chrome, and Chromium-based browsers. We recommend using the latest available browser version.

For up to the minute news, follow our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/metamask_io) or [Medium](https://medium.com/metamask) pages.

To learn how to develop MetaMask-compatible applications, visit our [Developer Docs](https://metamask.github.io/metamask-docs/).

To learn how to contribute to the MetaMask project itself, visit our [Internal Docs](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/docs).

## Building locally

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) version 10
    - If you are using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation) (recommended) running `nvm use` will automatically choose the right node version for you.
- Install [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
- Install dependencies: `yarn`
- Copy the `.metamaskrc.dist` file to `.metamaskrc`
    - Replace the `INFURA_PROJECT_ID` value with your own personal [Infura Project ID](https://infura.io/docs).
    - If debugging MetaMetrics, you'll need to add a value for `SEGMENT_WRITE_KEY` [Segment write key](https://segment.com/docs/connections/find-writekey/).
- Build the project to the `./dist/` folder with `yarn dist`.
- Optionally, to start a development build (e.g. with logging and file watching) run `yarn start` instead.
    - To start the [React DevTools](https://github.com/facebook/react-devtools) and [Redux DevTools Extension](http://extension.remotedev.io)
      alongside the app, use `yarn start:dev`.
      - React DevTools will open in a separate window; no browser extension is required
      - Redux DevTools will need to be installed as a browser extension. Open the Redux Remote Devtools to access Redux state logs. This can be done by either right clicking within the web browser to bring up the context menu, expanding the Redux DevTools panel and clicking Open Remote DevTools OR clicking the Redux DevTools extension icon and clicking Open Remote DevTools.
        - You will also need to check the "Use custom (local) server" checkbox in the Remote DevTools Settings, using the default server configuration (host `localhost`, port `8000`, secure connection checkbox unchecked)

Uncompressed builds can be found in `/dist`, compressed builds can be found in `/builds` once they're built.

## Contributing

### Running Tests

Run tests with `yarn test`.

You can also test with a continuously watching process, via `yarn watch`.

You can run the linter by itself with `yarn lint`.

## Architecture

[![Architecture Diagram](./docs/architecture.png)][1]

## Development

```bash
yarn
yarn start
```

## Build for Publishing

```bash
yarn dist
```

## Other Docs

- [How to add custom build to Chrome](./docs/add-to-chrome.md)
- [How to add custom build to Firefox](./docs/add-to-firefox.md)
- [How to add a new translation to MetaMask](./docs/translating-guide.md)
- [Publishing Guide](./docs/publishing.md)
- [How to use the TREZOR emulator](./docs/trezor-emulator.md)
- [How to generate a visualization of this repository's development](./development/gource-viz.sh)

[1]: http://www.nomnoml.com/#view/%5B%3Cactor%3Euser%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-ui%7C%0A%20%20%20%5Btools%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20react%0A%20%20%20%20%20redux%0A%20%20%20%20%20thunk%0A%20%20%20%20%20ethUtils%0A%20%20%20%20%20jazzicon%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20account-detail%0A%20%20%20%20%20accounts%0A%20%20%20%20%20locked-screen%0A%20%20%20%20%20restore-vault%0A%20%20%20%20%20identicon%0A%20%20%20%20%20config%0A%20%20%20%20%20info%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20metamask%0A%20%20%20%20%20identities%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20%5BbackgroundConnection%5D%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%5D%3A-%3E%5Bactions%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%5D%3A-%3E%5Breducers%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%5D%3A-%3E%5Bcomponents%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%7C%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5B%3Cactor%3Eui%20developer%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20developer%5D-%3E%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%3C-%3E%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-background%7C%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%3E%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%3C-%3E%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%5Bconfig%20manager%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Brpc%20configuration%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bencrypted%20keys%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bwallet%20nicknames%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%3C-%3E%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%7C%0A%20%20%5Bplugin%20restart%20detector%5D%0A%20%20%5Brpc%20passthrough%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Brpc%20%7C%0A%20%20%5Bethereum%20blockchain%20%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bcontracts%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Baccounts%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-background%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Brpc%5D%0A
